# LazerEngine1
+LazerEngine 1 is a tool for quickly developing PHP applications. + +Ideally the git repository is for tracking changes. All downloads should probably go through LazerEngine.com where they are properly packaged for installtion. + +What makes LazerEngine different from almost any other PHP User Management Framework is that it has been designed from the beginning to get out of your way so you can spend your time working on your project. Other systems may force you to use their rewriting rules, template engines, frameworks, etc. LazerEngine doesn't. You can use as much of it or as little as you choose. It just sits there and does its job. + +In most cases, LazerEngine can control access to your existing pages with a single line of code. From there, we provide an incredible set of PHP Classes and Functions that you can choose to use or not use. Don't like the look? It's built using Bootstrap. You can change the look and feel of your site in seconds with a new css file and some well-documented tweaks. + +Most importantly, LazerEngine is constantly in development. It's constantly getting better and more secure while maintaining the goal of getting out of the way. As additional major features are added, they will be in the form of plugins to keep things modular. + +So you can get on with the business of designing your project. All while being Bootstrap compatible so you can easily change the look and feel of your project. The goal of LazerEngine is to strike a balance of being feature-rich without being bloated.
